
1. outcome - the orders are piled in the queue but never get shipped

2. signal - is the order queue saturated beyond a point

3. assumption - I assume that the signal predicts the outcome because if the queue is saturated
                then more and more orders adding will only slow the current system down, the current
                orders in the queue needs to be cleared first 

4. rule - if the orders queue is 95% saturated, then stop taking new orders, first clear the current
            ones in the queue, because if not then the pile will only get big, orders not shipped,
            customer complains and refunds that we fear. COST - the new orders are on halt temporarily
            as the queue is getting cleared

5. boundary - when testing if the saturation level hits critical, does the new orders halts or not ?
                

6. decision - if the system is frozen for a particular amount of time (eg. 30 mins) send an automated
                message that the system is frozen so that a human can fix the problem

7. target - the queue getting bigger and bigger 

8. assumptions - if the queue is getting bigger and bigger without any reduction, the system is either
                frozen or dead 

                the system is slow and inefficient

                the system is running and sending to the warehouse API but the queue is not getting cleared


9. signals - queue size fluctuations, is it only increasing or also decreasing

            the warehouse API reciever and the queue size decreasing by same proportional

            time taken by the system to process the message 

10. model logic (what you said was more like a rule and model logic is the type of model used based
                    on it's geometry, additive, multiplicative, dominant or trajectory)

    rule - if the saturation of the queue is not dropping in the span of 30mins - inspect the system
                
11. failure modes - while testing if the system is sending alerts if the rule is broken

                    on festivals and holidays the traffic is so massive online that the rule is broken
                    without anything broken